hi everybody this is the dance audition
video for the final battle I will do the
dance once for you straight through and
then after that i'll show you all the
moves step by step
so the first step is going to your right
it's hot cross hop heel cup cross up
heel so it will be five six seven eight
one and two three and four one and two
three and four the next step you're just
turning to your right so you just did
one and two three and four five six
seven eight so on that turn you're just
using your right foot right left right
touch so from the beginning one and two
three and four five six seven eight one
and two three and four five six seven
eight so the next part is just for kicks
forward and then circling the arms at
the end so it's one two three four five
six seven eight one two three four five
six seven eight okay from the beginning
1n two three and four five six seven
eight one two three four five six seven
eight so the next step is a basic box
step you're going to be starting with
your right foot step cross with your
left step back with your right and step
side with your left so all together it's
one two three four so the next part
you're going to be whipping out your
wands for battle what we just did was
the Box step so one two three four we're
going to step back on five bring your
wands up on six step forward on seven
and eight so again one two three four
five six seven eight if you guys don't
have a wand you can just use an
invisible one tell us the sound of it
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 so you just finished with your
right hand you're one hand out forward
you're going to step forward with your
right foot for one give it to the back
for two step again for three and bring
your arms up tip it again 44 and step
forward 56 you're going to turn around
47 e and then forward for one so you
just finished here you're going to go 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 so I'm
going to do the whole thing for you
again one time facing the front and once
I facing the back 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 1 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 1
eight